 Selecting the correct colors for your webpage can greatly improve the aesthetic appeal to your readers.



--> Title element gives extra information about our web page in two ways:
   
     👀👀  In the title bar when the page is open
     👀👀  In the browser tab for the page when you hover on it.
             Even if that tab is not active, once you hover on the tab, the title text is displayed.
 
 --> To center the element we can use the margin property i.e margin left ,right,top,bottom but to use this property
     all at once and center the element we can use something called as shorthand property of margin i.each

     1. margin:auto;

     This would set left,right,top,bottom to auto

     2. margin: value in (px/%) auto;

     This would set the desired value to all of them

     3. Suppose we want to set the value of left and right to different value and top and bottom to a different value
        then we can write:

        margin: a b; 

       where a value is define to left and right and b is define for top and bottom  

 --> In html we can have multiple class to an html element which we can write the class name separated by space

        class="animal dog"

   If you add multiple classes to an HTML element, the styles of the first classes you list may be overridden by later classes.

 -->There are two main color models: 
       👀 The additive RGB (red, green, blue) model used in electronic devices,
       👀 And the subtractive CMYK (cyan, magenta, yellow, black) model used in print. 

     👀 The green color keyword is actually a darker shade, and is about halfway between black and the maximum value for green. 

        👀 Secondary colors are the colors you get when you combine primary colors.
        👀  Tertiary colors are created by combining a primary with a nearby secondary color.

The CSS rgb function accepts values, or arguments, for red, green, and blue, and produces a color:

      rgb(red, green, blue);

    👀And in the above function higher the value we provide larger the intensity and lower the value lower the intensity of color

   👀Each red, green, and blue value is a number from 0 to 255. 0 means that there's 0% of that color, and is black. 255 means that there's 100% of that color. 

   👀  In the additive RGB color model, primary colors are colors that, when combined, create pure white.
       But for this to happen, each color needs to be at its highest intensity.


 --> A color wheel is a circle where similar colors, or hues, are near each other, and different ones are further apart
  
      👀Two colors that are opposite from each other on the color wheel are called complementary colors.
        If two complementary colors are combined, they produce gray. But when they are placed side-by-side,
         these colors produce strong visual contrast and appear brighter


--> Complementary Colors: Red and cyan are complementary colors, which means they are located opposite each other on the color wheel. 
   Complementary colors create a strong visual contrast when placed side by side

   In color theory, colors can be described in terms of their brightness or intensity. 
   Bright colors are highly saturated and tend to stand out more than muted or desaturated colors.
   Red and cyan are both bright colors, so when they are adjacent to each other, the contrast in brightness is pronounced.

   When two highly contrasting colors like red and cyan are used extensively on a website or in a design, 
   it can be visually overwhelming and distracting to viewers. This can make it difficult
     for users to focus on the content or the main message of the website.

   As you mentioned, placing text on a complementary-colored background can make it hard to read.
    For example, if you have red text on a cyan background, the high contrast between the two colors
  can cause the text to appear to vibrate or make it uncomfortable for the eyes to read.  


  To address these issues, designers often use color schemes that balance contrast and readability. 
  They may use complementary colors sparingly for specific elements to create emphasis or draw attention, 
  but they typically pair them with more subdued colors for the main content to ensure readability and a visually pleasing user experience.

  In web design and graphic design, it's important to consider the psychological and perceptual impact of 
  color choices to create a harmonious and effective visual presentation.

  It's better practice to choose one color as the dominant color,
   and use its complementary color as an accent to bring attention to certain content on the page


  --> A very common way to apply color to an element with CSS is with hexadecimal or hex values. 
      while hex values sound complicated, they're really just another form of RGB values.

Hex color values start with a # character and take six characters from 0-9 and A-F. 
The first pair of characters represent red, the second pair represent green,
and the third pair represent blue. For example, #4B5320.

 --> With hex colors, 00 is 0% of that color, and FF is 100%.
  So #00FF00 translates to 0% red, 100% green, and 0% blue, and is the same as rgb(0, 255, 0). 

 --> The HSL color model, or hue, saturation, and lightness, is another way to represent colors.

The CSS hsl function accepts 3 values: a number from 0 to 360 for hue, a percentage from 0 to 100 for saturation, and a percentage from 0 to 100 for lightness.

If you imagine a color wheel, the hue red is at 0 degrees, green is at 120 degrees, and blue is at 240 degrees.

Saturation is the intensity of a color from 0%, or gray, to 100% for pure color. You must add the percent sign % to the saturation and lightness values.

Lightness is how bright a color appears, from 0%, or complete black, to 100%, complete white, with 50% being neutral.

--> but you can also use a color transition, or gradient, on an element.

A gradient is when one color transitions into another. The CSS linear-gradient function lets you control
 the direction of the transition along a line, and which colors are used.

One thing to remember is that the linear-gradient function actually creates an image element,
 and is usually paired with the background property which can accept an image as a value.


 --> he linear-gradient function is very flexible -- here is the basic syntax :
   linear-gradient(gradientDirection, color1, color2, ...);

gradientDirection is the direction of the line used for the transition. 
color1 and color2 are color arguments, which are the colors that will be used in the transition itself.
 These can be any type of color, including color keywords, hex, rgb, or hsl.

 --> If no gradientDirection argument is provided to the linear-gradient function, 
 it arranges colors from top to bottom, or along a 180 degree line, by default.

 --> With the CSS opacity property, you can control how opaque or transparent an element is.

 Another way to set the opacity for an element is with the alpha channel. 
 Similar to the opacity property, the alpha channel controls how transparent or opaque a color is.

 To add an alpha channel to an rgb color, use the rgba function instead.

The rgba function works just like the rgb function, but takes one more number from 0 to 1.0 for the alpha channel:

rgba(redValue, greenValue, blueValue, alpha);

-->  default display property for div elements is block. So when two block elements are next to each other, they stack like actual blocks

--> The border-left shorthand property lets you to set the left border's width, style, and color at the same time.
     border-left: width style color;


-->  The box-shadow property lets you apply one or more shadows around an element. Here is basic syntax:

      box-shadow: offsetX offsetY color;

  Here's how the offsetX and offsetY values work:

    both offsetX and offsetY accept number values in px and other CSS units
    a positive offsetX value moves the shadow right and a negative value moves it left
    a positive offsetY value moves the shadow down and a negative value moves it up
    if you want a value of zero (0) for any or both offsetX and offsetY, you don't need to add a unit. Every browser understands that zero means no change.

  The height and width of the shadow is determined by the height and width of the element it's applied to.
  You can also use an optional spreadRadius value to spread out the reach of the shadow 

  But if we want to position the shadow on the opposite side we can use the negative values of offsetX and offsetY

  The edegs of the box shadow are sharp because there is an optional blurRadius value for the box-shadow property:

    box-shadow: offsetX offsetY blurRadius color;

If a blurRadius value isn't included, it defaults to 0 and produces sharp edges. The higher the value of blurRadius, the greater the blurring effect is.

But if we want to spread the shadow boc further then we can use the value of spreadRadius Like blurRadius, spreadRadius defaults to 0 if it isn't included.

 --> #3b7E20CC  

   Here the first pair of value indicate the red color, second one indicate the blue color,
    third one indicate the green one and last indicate the alpha channel value
